but it so happened when sanballat heard
but it so happened when sanballat heard that we were rebuilding the wall that he
that we were rebuilding the wall that he
that we were rebuilding the wall that he was furious and very indignant and
was furious and very indignant and
was furious and very indignant and mocked the Jews and he spoke before his
mocked the Jews and he spoke before his
mocked the Jews and he spoke before his brethren and the army of Samaria
brethren and the army of Samaria
brethren and the army of Samaria what are these feeble Jews doing will
what are these feeble Jews doing will
what are these feeble Jews doing will they fortify themselves will they offer
they fortify themselves will they offer
they fortify themselves will they offer sacrifices will they complete it in a
sacrifices will they complete it in a
sacrifices will they complete it in a day
day
day will they revive the stones from the
will they revive the stones from the
will they revive the stones from the heaps of rubbish stones that are burned
heaps of rubbish stones that are burned
heaps of rubbish stones that are burned now tobiah the ammonite was beside him
now tobiah the ammonite was beside him
now tobiah the ammonite was beside him [Laughter]
[Laughter]
[Laughter] whatever they build if even a fox goes
whatever they build if even a fox goes
whatever they build if even a fox goes up on it he will break down their stone
up on it he will break down their stone
up on it he will break down their stone wall here o our God
wall here o our God
wall here o our God for we are despised turn their reproach
for we are despised turn their reproach
for we are despised turn their reproach on their own heads and give them as
on their own heads and give them as
on their own heads and give them as plunder to a land of captivity do not
plunder to a land of captivity do not
plunder to a land of captivity do not cover their iniquity and do not let
cover their iniquity and do not let
cover their iniquity and do not let their sin be blotted out from before you
their sin be blotted out from before you
their sin be blotted out from before you for they have provoked you to anger
for they have provoked you to anger
for they have provoked you to anger before the builders so we built the wall
before the builders so we built the wall
before the builders so we built the wall and the entire wall was joined together
and the entire wall was joined together
and the entire wall was joined together up to half its height for the people had
up to half its height for the people had
up to half its height for the people had a mind to work now it happened when
a mind to work now it happened when
a mind to work now it happened when sanballat Tobiah the arabs the ammonites
sanballat Tobiah the arabs the ammonites
sanballat Tobiah the arabs the ammonites and the ash tonight's heard that the
and the ash tonight's heard that the
and the ash tonight's heard that the walls of jerusalem were being restored
walls of jerusalem were being restored
walls of jerusalem were being restored and the gaps were beginning to be closed
and the gaps were beginning to be closed
and the gaps were beginning to be closed that they became very angry and all of
that they became very angry and all of
that they became very angry and all of them conspired together to come and
them conspired together to come and
them conspired together to come and attack Jerusalem and create confusion
attack Jerusalem and create confusion
attack Jerusalem and create confusion nevertheless we made our prayer to our
nevertheless we made our prayer to our
nevertheless we made our prayer to our God and because of them we set a watch
God and because of them we set a watch
God and because of them we set a watch against them day and night
against them day and night
against them day and night then Judah said the strength of the
then Judah said the strength of the
then Judah said the strength of the laborers is failing and there's so much
laborers is failing and there's so much
laborers is failing and there's so much rubbish that we are not able to build
rubbish that we are not able to build
rubbish that we are not able to build the wall
the wall
the wall and our adversary said they will neither
and our adversary said they will neither
and our adversary said they will neither know nor see anything till we come into
know nor see anything till we come into
know nor see anything till we come into their midst and kill them and cause the
their midst and kill them and cause the
their midst and kill them and cause the work to cease so it was when the Jews
work to cease so it was when the Jews
work to cease so it was when the Jews who dwelt near them came that they told
who dwelt near them came that they told
who dwelt near them came that they told us 10 times from whatever place you turn
us 10 times from whatever place you turn
us 10 times from whatever place you turn they will be upon us therefore are
they will be upon us therefore are
they will be upon us therefore are positioned men behind the lower parts of
positioned men behind the lower parts of
positioned men behind the lower parts of the wall at the openings and I set the
the wall at the openings and I set the
the wall at the openings and I set the people according to their families with
people according to their families with
people according to their families with their swords their spears and their bows
their swords their spears and their bows
their swords their spears and their bows and I looked and arose and said to the
and I looked and arose and said to the
and I looked and arose and said to the nobles to the leaders and to the rest of
nobles to the leaders and to the rest of
nobles to the leaders and to the rest of the people do not be afraid of them
the people do not be afraid of them
the people do not be afraid of them remember the Lord great and awesome and
remember the Lord great and awesome and
remember the Lord great and awesome and fight for your brethren your sons go
fight for your brethren your sons go
fight for your brethren your sons go dogs your wives and your houses and it
dogs your wives and your houses and it
dogs your wives and your houses and it happened when our enemies heard that it
happened when our enemies heard that it
happened when our enemies heard that it was known to us and that God had brought
was known to us and that God had brought
was known to us and that God had brought their plot to nothing that all of us
their plot to nothing that all of us
their plot to nothing that all of us returned to the wall everyone to his
returned to the wall everyone to his
returned to the wall everyone to his work so it was from that time on that
work so it was from that time on that
work so it was from that time on that half of my servants worked construction
half of my servants worked construction
half of my servants worked construction while the other half held the spears the
while the other half held the spears the
while the other half held the spears the shields the bows and war Armour and the
shields the bows and war Armour and the
shields the bows and war Armour and the leaders were behind all the house of
leaders were behind all the house of
leaders were behind all the house of Judah those who built on the wall and
Judah those who built on the wall and
Judah those who built on the wall and those who carried burdens loaded
those who carried burdens loaded
those who carried burdens loaded themselves so that with one hand they
themselves so that with one hand they
themselves so that with one hand they worked construction and with the other
worked construction and with the other
worked construction and with the other held a weapon every one of the builders
held a weapon every one of the builders
held a weapon every one of the builders had his sword girded at his side as he
had his sword girded at his side as he
had his sword girded at his side as he built and the one who sounded the
built and the one who sounded the
built and the one who sounded the trumpet was beside me
then I said to the nobles the rulers and
then I said to the nobles the rulers and the rest of the people the work is great
the rest of the people the work is great
the rest of the people the work is great and extensive and we are separated far
and extensive and we are separated far
and extensive and we are separated far from one another on the wall wherever
from one another on the wall wherever
from one another on the wall wherever you hear the sound of the trumpet
you hear the sound of the trumpet
you hear the sound of the trumpet rallied to us there our God will fight
rallied to us there our God will fight
rallied to us there our God will fight for us so we laboured in the work and
for us so we laboured in the work and
for us so we laboured in the work and half of the men held the Spears from
half of the men held the Spears from
half of the men held the Spears from daybreak until the Stars appeared at the
daybreak until the Stars appeared at the
daybreak until the Stars appeared at the same time I also said to the people let
same time I also said to the people let
same time I also said to the people let each man and his servants stay at night
each man and his servants stay at night
each man and his servants stay at night in Jerusalem that they may be our guard
in Jerusalem that they may be our guard
in Jerusalem that they may be our guard by night and a working party by day so
by night and a working party by day so
by night and a working party by day so neither I my brethren my servants nor
neither I my brethren my servants nor
neither I my brethren my servants nor the men of the guard who followed me
the men of the guard who followed me
the men of the guard who followed me took off our clothes except that
took off our clothes except that
took off our clothes except that everyone took them off for washer